1. If you’re confused about what to do, your enemy is winning. Just think about it, every mistake you make, leaves them grinning.
2. Why is everything so money driven? Is that my sole purpose for living?
3. Music is life, not a business, so tell me again, what’s your reason for singing? Why are you so focused on trying to make your buck bang that you can’t hear when the phone is ringing?
4. It all, that’s what I was risking. Now I’m looking in the Lost and Found because after I gave my heart to you, it mysteriously went missing.
5. How come the only way I see couples showing love is through kissing? Isn’t there anything deeper to share than that momentary puppy-dog burst of passion that symbolizes their linking?
6. The warning signs were blinking. But I ignored them, I threw myself into a sea of lies, forgetting how densely packed with deceit I was, I guess now, like the Titanic, I’m sinking.
7. We want to get without earning. We want to teach, without first learning.
8. More to the table, that’s what we should be bringing. Unbiased and helpful advise, that’s what we should be giving.
9. Me? I’m analytical, metacognition, I’m thinking about what I’m thinking. It doesn’t matter what topic, there’s never slim picking.
10. I don’t know why but every time I try to stand I find myself shrinking, don’t push me cuz I’m too close to the edge, I call that brinking.
11. I loved you through thick and thin, and I thought we had made it through the weather. But when you walked out, you ripped my heart out, cuz I couldn’t move and it was to you my heart was tethered.
12. Dear you, thank you for the inspiration to write this letter. I just wanted to tell you that you make me better.
13. For, Ever. I’ve been thinking about you, “J that ain’t even possible though…” Hey! Never say never.
14. I can’t keep going on like this. Every single day you’re the one I miss.
15. I loved you, with my full range of emotions. But now since you left, I’m just going through the motions.
16. Hey! I got something to say!
17. You put in me a song and brought me to the light. If loving you is wrong, I don’t want be right!
18. I’m surrounded by darkness, pitch-black but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Why does it feel that the waterfall of my dreams has been funneled?
19. Does anybody care about what I have to say? Nah ya’ll too focused on tryna hit that horse, whoop Nae-Nae.
20. Bro I’m crazy clinically diagnosed with having to much boldness. You want my heart? It’s kinda heavy right now, so I’m not sure if you’re strong enough to hold it.
21. I’d rather be a poet than a rapper. Cuz there’s no beat restrictions, so my lines can be fatter.
22. People are funny; we all want what we didn’t earn. We wanna school others but we never learned.
23. How does it feel to be burned by the absence of reciprocated love? You ever wanted the comfort of another human being but no one took the time to stop and give you a simple thing, such as a hug?
24. You’re never too old to be made new. They said you’re damaged goods, but that ain’t true.
25. Someone once said: Happiness is an emotion, and joy is an attitude. Emotions come and go, but attitudes come and grow.
26. Bruh, if I could tell you, I’d be set. I wouldn’t have to worry about being upset!
27. I ain’t got nothing to gain bout lying to you bout this life but something is strange.
28. This anger…I want to let it go. But if I do that will leave fear to take hold.
29. Can someone please walk with me, and talk with me? The only love I know is the stuff he bought for me.
30. She say she a queen. And she out looking for a man that’ll treat her right…but she 17!
31. Now I may not be Blues Clues. But I do choose to pursue the reasons why you are…you.
32. My heart is the engine, GPS system too. Lately I’ve been following it and its led me to you!
33. My love for you was unending. That’s not something you should have been lending.
34. The pavement is cold. Walking barefoot is bold.
35. School is a drag. Carrying my bag makes my shoulder sag.
36. My project is due tomorrow and I haven’t started it. I want to cry in sorrow.
37. A leader is just. That quality is a must.
38. Pathogens perform lysis. For your body in a crisis.
39. Math is fun. I love it a ton.
40. love ain't easy it ain't a one day thing it is a life long thing it can triumph over anything if you put in effort.
